now chef at I the son of mater Lee get
alive the son of passion jou cow the son
of shil Amaya and pusher the son of
malkia heard the words that Jeremiah had
spoken to all the people God says the
Lord he who remains in the city shall
die by the sword by famine and by
pestilence but he who goes over to the
Chaldeans shall live his life shall be
as a prize to him and he shall live thus
says the Lord this city shall surely be
given into the hand of the king of
babylons army which shall take it there
for the princes said to the king please
let this man be put to death for thus he
weakens the hands of the men of war who
remain in this city and the hands of all
the people by speaking such words to
them for this man does not seek the
welfare of this people but they are harm
then Zedekiah the King said look he is
in your hand for the King can do nothing
against you so they took Jeremiah and
cast him into the dungeon of Malachi the
king's son which was in the court of the
prison and they let Jeremiah down with
Brooks and in the dungeon there was no
water
admire so Jeremiah sank in the mire now
II bet Mallick the Ethiopia one of the
eunuchs who was in the king's house
heard that they had put Jeremiah in the
dungeon when the King was sitting at the
gate of Benjamin II bed Melek went out
of the king's house and spoke to the
king
[Music]
my lord the king these men have done
evil in all that they have done to
jeremiah the prophet whom they have cast
into the dungeon and he is likely to die
from hunger in the place where he is for
there is no more bread in the city and
the king commanded ebed Malik the youth
European take from here 30 men with you
and lift jeremiah the prophet out of the
dungeon before he dies
so Abed Milic took the men with him and
went into the house of the King under
the Treasury and took them their old
clothes and old rags and let them down
by ropes into the dungeon earth to
Jeremiah then he bet me lek the
ethiopian said to Jeremiah please put
these old clothes and rags under your
armpits under the ropes and jeremiah did
sir so they pulled up and lifted him
after the - Jeremiah remained in the
court of the prison then Zedekiah the
king sent and had jeremiah the prophet
brought to him at the third entrance of
the house of the Lord and the king said
to Jeremiah I will ask you something
hide nothing from me if I declare it to
you
will you not surely put me to death and
if I give you advice you will not listen
to me
so Zedekiah the King swore secretly to
Jeremiah as the Lord lives who made our
very souls I will not put you to death
nor will I give you into the hand of
these men who seek your life thus says
the Lord the God of hosts the God of
Israel
if you surely surrender to the king of
babylons princes then your soul shall
live the city shall not be burned with
fire and you and your house shall live
but if you do not surrender to the king
of babylons Prince's then this city
shall be given into the hand of Italians
they shall burn it with fire and you
shall not escape from their hand I am
afraid of the Jews who have defected to
the Chaldeans lest they deliver me into
their hand and they abuse me they shall
not deliver you please obey the voice of
the Lord which I speak to you so it
shall be well with you and your soul
shall live but if you refuse to
surrender this is the word that the Lord
has shown me now behold all the women
who are left in the king of Judah's
house shall be surrendered to the king
of babylons princes and those women
shall say your close friends have set
upon you and prevailed against you your
feet have sunk in the mire
and they are turned away again so they
shall surrender all your wives and
children to the Chaldeans you shall not
escape from their hand but shall be
taken by the hand of the king of Babylon
and you shall cause this city to be
burned with fire let no one know of
these words and you shall not die but if
the Prince is here that I have talked
with you and they come to you and say to
you declare to us now what you have said
to the king and also what the King said
to you do not hide it from us and we
will not put you to death then you shall
say to them I presented my request
before the king that he would not make
me return to Jonathan's house to die
then all the princes came to Jeremiah
and asked him and he told them according
to all these words that the King had
commanded so they stopped speaking with
him for the conversation had not been
heard now Jeremiah remained in the court
of the prison until the day that
Jerusalem was taken and he was there
when Jerusalem was to
[Applause]
you
[Music]